* March 31
   * [[drummer]]
      * Scheduler
         * A new special outline file: scheduler.opml.
         * Automatically opened at startup, if it's present.
         * There are five defined summits:
            * startup
            * everySecond
            * everyMinute
            * everyHour
            * overnight
         * They define the times that the scripts underneath run.
         * Each script has a title and underneath it is the code that runs when the script runs.
         * Example
            * startup
               * good morning
                  * dialog.alert ("Good morning sports fans!");
               * init stuff
                  * storage.ct = 0
            * everySecond
               * counter
                  * storage.ct++;
         * Names are unicase, so startup is the same as StARtuP.
         * Comments are ignored at the top level and at the names level. Not sure if they're ignored in the scripts but they should be.
         * There's an item in the Special files sub-menu of the Files menu. 
         * You can have sections at the top level that don't match the names, they are ignored.
         * The scripts run in parallel, not sequentially.
   * [[LO2]]
      * Removed the test scripts menu
         * It was created originally as a way for me to share scripts with test users. 
         * We now have better ways to do that, and more coming.
      * Fixed a problem in how updates of instant outlines were being processed
         * The problem
            * Suppose you have at least one instant outline open. 
            * Then you close another tab before it in the tab list (to its left).
            * An update comes in for that outline. 
            * We'll either try to apply the update to a tab that doesn't exist (does no harm) or we'll apply the update to one that does exist but is not the outline that updated. 
         * How to test
            * Open a shareable outline in a tab, so you can edit it and cause updates to happen.
            * Choose <i>Subscribe to outline</i> in the File menu and enter the I/O url for the outline created in the previous step.
            * Click on the tab with the actual outline, make a change. Can be as little as expanding or collapsing a headline.
            * The lightning bolt icon in the instant outline should go green.
            * Assuming that went as planned, now close some other tab and repeat the test. It should go green when you make a change. 
* March 30
   * [[LO2]]
      * When we close a file, we close the socket connection, so we will no longer receive notifications of changes to the file.
   * [[drummer]]
      * The op.attributes verbs are tested and documented.
         * http://scripting.com/code/docserver/?verb=op.attributes.getOne
* March 29
   * [[drummer]]
      * You can now use the global <i>storage</i> object in your scripts.
         * storage.x = 12
            * 12
         * storage.y = number.random (100, 200)
            * 143
         * storage.mylist = [1, 2, 3, 4]
            * [     1,     2,     3,     4 ]
         * storage.x = storage.y + 12
            * 138
         * storage.x
            * 138
      * How it works
         * It's just a JavaScript object. 
         * It's loaded when the app starts. 
         * Every second it checks if the object has changed, and if so, it updates it on the server. 
      * Constraints
         * it's useful for a few MB at most, because of all the transmission that takes place
   * [[LO2]]
      * Set titles & description command changes to Set title...
         * The dialog, as a result is just an instance of askDialog.
         * A lot simpler, direct, and features we no longer use are no longer in the UI.
* March 28
   * [[verbs]]
      * Two new Twitter verbs.
         * twitter.getFollowers
         * twitter.getFollowed
      * They had been implemented in davetwitter and therefore in the outliner server, but I had not written glue scripts or docserver pages. That's what I just did. 
   * [[LO2]]
      * New sub-menu of the File menu
         * Special files
            * Menubar
            * Iconbar
            * Bookmarks
      * You can add icons to the end of the iconbar
         * To do so, open iconbar.opml using the command in the Special menu
         * The top level headlines are names of Font-awesome icons. 
            * https://fontawesome.com/icons?d=gallery&p=2&m=free
         * Underneath, at the second level and lower is the script that runs when you click the icon.
            * Example
               * bus
                  * dialog.alert ("Do you have buses where you live?")
      * The outlines are hot-linked to the resource
         * ie when you change an outline, the resource changes immediately.
   * [[wishlist]]
      * I want a command that works as follows.
         * I select 5 headlines.
         * Choose the command.
         * They merge into one headline, with spaces after sentences. 
* March 27
   * [[LO2]]
      * tab.openInstantOutline
         * new verb. does what you'd think it does.
      * tab.openFile verb works
         * http://scripting.com/code/docserver/?verb=tab.openFile
      * Demo of tweeting in LO2.
         * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkRYxgbbv1E
      * Bookmarking instant outlines now works
         * how to test
            * open a tab with an instant outline in it
            * choose Add bookmark from the Bookmarks menu. 
            * confirm
            * the bookmarks outline should open with the title of the tab at the top
            * you can edit the outline or close it
            * close the tab you made a bookmark of
            * choose it from the Bookmarks menu
            * it should open correctly
* March 26
   * [[LO2]]
      * Bookmarks menu
         * To test, reload the app. There should be a new Bookmarks menu.
         * The first command in the menu is Add Bookmark. 
         * Open the file you want to bookmark, if it's not already open. 
         * Click on its tab.
         * Choose Add Bookmark from the Bookmarks menu.
         * A confirmation dialog should appear. Click OK.
         * In a moment a new tab should open named Bookmarks, with a bookmark for your file inserted. 
         * You can change the text if you want.
         * When you edit the text, it should be immediately reflects in the menu.
         * Then you can close the Bookmarks tab. The menu should still work.
         * Try bookmarking another file, this tests another branch of the code. 
         * Let me know if it works. ÝÄù¥
* March 24
   * [[LO2]]
      * The View OPML command now works for private files.
         * It broke when I moved the app to test.littleoutliner.com. 
         * It depended on being able to open a static page on the same domain as the app.
         * daveappserver could have that function, by opening files in the privateFiles folder, but it doesn't now have that feature.
      * Get public link command  turns into two commands
         * Make outline public
            * This gives you the link to an OPML file, useful for includes
         * Get shareable link
            * This gives you an instantoutliner.com link, suitable for giving to friends to read on its own
      * dns.getDomainName (dns.getDottedId ("liveblog.co"))
         * s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com
* March 23
   * [[LO2]]
      * Trying for performance boost in tab switching with largeish outlines
         * When you save the outline in a tab, in saveCurrentTab, keep a copy of the opmltext in the tab structure. 
         * When you click to activate a tab, check to see if you have the opmltext already in memory, if so, use it.
      * Net-net -- the performance difference is there, but not significant. 
         * to get the real performance we're going to have to cache the outline data structure
* March 22
   * [[verbs]]
      * Andrew, there's a problem with the verb dialog.ask
      * It correctly returns the string the user entered as the returned value of the call.
         * var result = dialog.ask ("prompt", "default", "placeholder");
         * console.log (result)
      * But what is the protocol if the user hits Cancel?
      * It appears to be returning the empty string.
      * It's a problem, because there's only one spot
* March 21
   * [[davetwitter]]
      * We've got some documented and tested Twitter verbs. 
         * http://scripting.com/code/docserver/
      * I've NPM published the new davetwitter.
      * The new version, v0.6.0, is up on github
      * Tomorrow I move off Twitter verbs into something different. 
      * Thank you.
* March 19
   * [[Demo for Roam Folk]]
      * now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country
* March 18
   * [[davetwitter]]
      * What a day. Oy. Rainy and ugly and I did a lot of sloshing around, but finally got my shit together. 
      * I need a really good test bed for Twitter verbs, and now I have it. I have a copy of outlinerserver.js running locally, and a copy of LO2 is coming out of its home page.
      * Now I can write glue for new verbs in LO2, which is where I need to test it. And i can do calls that require authentication because I'm authenticated in LO2 and it's debugged. 
      * I have twGetAccountSettings working, tomorrow I'll do twSetAccountSettings. 
      * I have getFollowers and getFollowed working. I really was running into the rate-limit getting followers, but i got it working. 
      * Twitter's api has always been a slog, but I now have the environment I need to march through it. I think!
* March 17
   * [[davetwitter]]
      * todo
         * review the names of params to the rest interface
            * it's a bit of a hodgepodge
            * for example, some places the param is named screen_name and others it's screenname
      * howto
         * there's a test app included with davetwitter, but as it was provided previously it didn't do anything. now it does.
         * you have to put a config.json file in the same folder, and it has to provide at least twitterConsumerKey and twitterConsumerSecret. i've put one in the repo with obviously dummy values.
         * when you launch the app this is what it does
            * reads config.json
            * initializes davetwitter with it
            * reads a tweet and displays its text
         * it requires the davetwitter.js file from its parent directory (the main davetwitter file)
         * from there you can test anything
      * plan
         * my only programming job for the day is to get davetwitter in a form where i can work on it without publishing new versions to NPM. this bit of code is transitioning back to a work in progress from being one that i'm not actively working on. the adaptation of the threading code to the package was way too painful because i didn't take this step.
         * then i want to see what verbs i can add that address the questions:
            * who do i follow and
            * who follows me
         * there's going to be some factoring, because they use a "paging" method to return bits of a very large sequence per api call. i always wonder why they prefer N calls to one that returns a huge structure. maybe because the hugeness puts a big load on their system? anyway -- it is what it is.
   * [[scriptable apps]]
      * <a href="http://scripting.com/2021/03/17.html#a154038">Wrote</a> up on scripting news what's the diff between a scriptable app and an app with an API.
* March 15
   * [[scriptable apps]]
      * How to design a scripting interface for an app
         * Make a list of things a user would want to do with an app.
            * If it's a text editor for example, the most basic things are in the File menu.
               * Create a new file, open an existing file, delete a file. 
               * Get the contents of the front file (if it's a tabbed interface, the current tab).
            * If it's a RSS reader:
               * Subscribe and unsubscribe a feed.
               * Get the updates from a given feed in chronologic order.
               * Forward an item to another feed.
            * If it's Twitter:
               * Send a tweet.
               * Get a user's most recent tweets
               * Get a thread.
      * When it's time to specify the interface, the actual params
         * Look for prior art. If there's a popular app that works like yours does, the default should be do exactly what they do. Even if you don't like something about what they do.
         * Strive for simplicity, approachability. You want a user to look at it and nod their head, saying "this makes sense."
         * Write the docs. If there's something that's hard to understand, try to redesign the interface so it's easier. The simplicity of the docs matters too. It's all part of a package, the intent is to make it useful to the most people. Many of our users don't think of themselves as programmers, and don't want to. (Even though we know they <i>are</i> programmers.) 
      * Test your interface
         * Most important thing -- write a useful app!
         * If you can't write a one, try to imagine one, and think about what's missing in your interface. 
         * If possible go back to the first step and implement the new verb.
   * [[scriptingNews]]
      * The email didn't go out last night. It <i>does not</i> appear to have anything to do with Daylight Savings Time as I initially thought. 
         * I notice that the Scripting News <a href="https://github.com/scripting/Scripting-News/tree/master/blog/days/2021/03">repo</a> is missing the JSON file for the 14th. 
         * The nightly email app first looks on S3 for the html file representing the last day's posts.
            * http://scripting.com/data/pages/2021/03/14.html
               * the file is there.
         * Then it looks in github, and the file is not there.
            * https://github.com/scripting/Scripting-News/tree/master/blog/pages/2021/03
         * And the json file is not there either, suggesting that it couldn't post it
            * I think something may be deprecated, have to see how these files are uploaded. 
            * however this appears to be the night they broke, previous archives are there.
         * The app that does the nightly backup to github is called oldSchoolNightly.
            * In its log it shows that it uploaded the files from the 13th at midnight, not the 14th.
         * I fixed the problem on github by
            * editing the stats.json file on oldschoolnightly so the last update was one day earlier
            * rebooted the app
            * it then updated the files for the 14th in the github repo
         * now about the emails
            * i tried the same thing. edited stat.json, set the lastupdate time to a day earlier, and restarted. 
            * the correct emails went out.
         * problem solved for now, let's see what happens tonight
* March 14
   * [[threadViewer]]
      * Implemented a cache and reloading, described in the howto doc.
      * ThreadViewer is now useful and I can return to other projects. 
      * Whew. That was supposed to originally be a one-day detour.
      * But it had the benefit of getting all that new thread functionality into davetwitter, and therefore will be easily added to Drummer. 
   * [[docServer]]
      * continue to work on verb docs
* March 13
   * [[davetwitter]]
      * it got the ability to do general searches of timelines, needed to make threadviewer really work.
      * the code was already completely debugged in tweetSucker, which I wrote in 2020.
      * and this code will be part of every davetwitter installation now. 
      * it's good to get this basic stuff debugged and fully deployed. 
   * [[threadviewer]]
      * it's now much more solid, but still not done all the way.
      * http://threadviewer.com/1370863807715762179
      * that thread might stop working after 24 hours depending on whether i solve the remaining problem before it goes poof
      * i have to pick a time when the thread is frozen. reading teh timeline for 24 hours worth is fair, but going back months or even years is crazy
   * [[docserver]]
      * I finished documenting the string verbs, then went back to utils.js and found more that i want to suck in. 
      * also got a bunch of date verbs.
      * i love this process. the verb set itself should be useful even outside of Digger.
* March 12
   * [[threadViewer]]
      * I was really sloppy factoring some code down into davetwitter, and lost about 24 freaking hours fixing it.
      * Should've waited till I was fresh to do the factoring. It's the most error prone thing I do. 
      * Wrote it up <a href="http://scripting.com/2021/03/12/160733.html?title=slowDownToHurryUp">on Scripting</a>. 
   * [[docServer]]
      * Now can display results of example scripts, and outline hierarchies in explanatory text. 
   * [[davetwitter]]
      * New version includes routines that get a single tweet and one that gets a full thread in chronologic order. Released.
* March 8
   * [[LO2]]
      * assign single keystrokes to user script commands
         * i want cmd-4, which is a timestamper in frontier
         * desperately want it here.
   * [[threadviewer]]
      * new app, a prototype for something that could be written in drummer, when it's ready
      * urls look like this:
         * http://threadviewer.com/1368932412386902027
      * this would display a nice-looking blog-post-like page with the three paragraphs from the tweets, easily read, without distractions
         * I am convinced there very much is a need for what NFTs do, for developers. It'll seem weird to people who think we are "coders." But we create a lot of stuff, put our best ideas out there, and it's really hard to get credit for our contributions.
         * There needs to be an economy of credit that doesn't involve patents, taking a job at a bigco, or otherwise interfering with your artistic choices. It's the only way we take really big steps in tech.
         * I chose a creative life developing software in the late 70s. I stuck with it and it worked. But the world doesn't yet acknowledge such a thing exists. A huge impediment. So an open platform for artifacts from successful tech creativity. Good thing, I say.
   * [[davetwitter]]
      * /gettweet
         * believe it or not there was no call in the nodeStorage api that took an id and returned the tweet. 
         * it wasn't there in the Frontier glue either. 
         * have i never written a script that needed to get a tweet? is that possible??
* March 7
   * [[tagserver]]
      * I think the tagserver as it works right now is more in the way than it's helping.
      * I'm going to move my notes to a simpler outline format. Maybe even use DocServer? What a hack that would be. 
   * [[LO2]] & [[daveappserver]]
      * The Download My Files command in the Tools menu now works. 
      * I had to add the command to daveappserver. Totally belongs there. It's all about file management. 
   * [[drummer]]
      * Thinking out loud
         * one special file opened at launch, root.opml
            * root
               * system
                  * at launch we load the contents of this table from the drummer server. 
                     * it's the system distribution, written in JS that runs on the drummer platform.
                     * also default data, initial menubar, templates, whatever
                  * runtime data, like the paths table
               * user
                  * where the user's scripts and data live, also known as userland.
                     * the menubar.opml outline would be sucked into this as would icons.opml
         * both system and user have a table called background, with subtables named
            * everySecond
            * everyMinute
            * everyHour
            * overnight
         * both system and user have a table called startup, all the scripts in that table run at startup
            * in general system scripts run first, so the user table version can override it
   * [[daveappserver]]
      * done -- implement the /myfiles call
         * return a zipped archive of the users files
         * nodeStorage does it, and it's nice to have
* March 6
   * [[daveappserver]]
      * the websocket interface needs to be worked on on the local machine with the debugger on
         * i'm not going to divert for that now, so automatic updates are going to be slower than they need to be until this is fixed
         * i'm basically going to read the opml file from the source when i get an update message
      * there was a bug in daveappserver that i had to fix
         * it was jsonStringifying the payload, which it should not have been doing
         * added an optional param to specify that the payload is a string (opmltext)
      * need the ability to watch a single file
         * watch 
   * [[docServer]]
      * done
         * Remember the last verb page you were on.
         * Menu command to get link to the page you're on.
         * hook docserver up to the notification websocket so it always has the newest version loaded
      * todo
         * phone and tablet version
            * this app requires a desktop browser, for now. sorry.
         * another daveappserver problem
            * it's sending notifications for every updated file
            * not good, i only want notifications on the file i'm interested in
         * Write more docserver pages
         * Give it a better URL
            * docserver.scripting.com?
         * Bring DocServer into LO2?
            * How do examples work?
* March 5
   * [[docServer]]
      * edit the source code for docServerHome, take out all the extra stuff
      * add the left navigation outline, a lot like the tagserver user interface.
         * and bingeworthy. 
* March 4
   * [[docServer]]
      * Switched from a server to a single-page app. It didn't require an actual server.
      * screen shot, at close of business today. 
      * todo
         * add a left navigation outline that lists all the verbs, categorized
            * move the cursor to refresh the verb display
            * a lot like the tagserver display
         * the links at the top of the page should not re-load the app, it should just show a new verb
            * there has to be a way to get a permalink to a verb, it won't be in the address bar. 
* March 3
   * [[docServer]]
      * Working on a new version of docServer app.
      * todo
         * use a common serif font
         * reload the outline on each view for testing
         * fix up handle http request so it works when you're not looking at docs
         * orange line under verb name
         * use tablecells to display the body
         * prev and next navigation
* March 1
   * [[LO2]] -- codename, Drummer. what is it
      * I have a codename (I think): Drummer.
         * It's not a place, it's the name of my favorite character in The Expanse. 
         * Drummer is a good name for a scripting environment.
      * What it is
         * It's a web scripting environment built around outlining and javascript. 
         * Not as broad as Frontier, focused.
            * what it's good for
               * managing a network of resources for a writer or programmer
            * components
               * outliner (of course), for editing scripts and public writing
               * the language is pre-processed javascript. 
                  * minimal enhancement, you call synchronous and asynchronous functions the same way, as every other programming language does. 
               * verb set covering, file system (cloud storage), net function (http, dns), twitter, outliner.
                  * we are treating twitter as if it were an open resource, knowing that it's a corporate system.
                  * the api is excellent, performs well, and twitter has been generous with it. 
                  * if they should break it, we will have to recreate the server functions that we depend on.
                  * as with Frontier, a way to add support for external applications accessible over HTTP.
               * server
                  * there is a server, running an instance of daveappserver, a replacement for nodeStorage.
               * applications
                  * basic application is web writing, but it will also be great for devops
               * script-running
                  * menu editor for accessing scripts, in the runtime environment, also in other apps via equivalent of Frontier menu sharing.
                  * lots of other ways to run scripts with access to the functionality
