* April 9
   * [[Drummer]]
      * Beautiful example script that gets the names of the first users of Twitter. 
         * http://scripting.com/2021/04/09/141443.html?title=aDrummerExample
* April 8
   * [[Drummer]]
      * New verb: twitter.getScreenname 
         * http://scripting.com/code/docserver/?verb=twitter.getScreenname 
         * twitter.getScreenname ("3842")
            * Jason
         * twitter.getScreenname (twitter.getUserProfile ("jack").id)
            * jack
      * New verb: drummer.runScript
         * http://scripting.com/code/docserver/?verb=drummer.runScript
         * There is a problem, and it's the general problem with running script text at this point.
         * I wanted to implement and document this verb because I needed to make a decision on where it goes.
         * I chose to create a class called drummer because it's what it is. I'm asking Drummer to run the script. 
         * I spent a lot of time staring at the Frontier verb set before deciding on this. 
         * Frontier has a class called Frontier, which is basically a grab bag of random stuff Frontier does on its own behalf. 
         * I also plan to have a thread class, that launches scripts in threads. But not yet. 
      * Places for callbacks in Drummer, yes there are some
         * I want to have a server component in the browser app, but we can't receive HTTP, so the next best thing I can think of is websockets, so I'm designing an interface for that. Curiously, it must use callbacks. Not the only place, the op visit verbs do too. They are not asynchronous. 
   * [[DocServer]]
      * New navigation approach
         * There's a new Verbs menu. 
         * It's a two-level hierarchy.
         * At the top level, verb classes.
         * At the second level, verb names.
         * Choose a verb name, and the docs for that verb appear.
      * Problem
         * A long class like string.xxx is too long to fit even on my big screen. 
* April 7
   * [[Drummer]]
      * opml verbs
         * There are four verbs:
            * opml.getHeaders
            * opml.setHeaders
            * opml.getCurrentOpml
            * opml.getCurrentObject
         * All are tested and documented.
         * The idea behind this class is to gather all the whole-file outline operations in one place. 
         * There are OPML-related verbs in op, they do not deal with the whole file. 
            * op.getCursorOpml and op.insertOpml
         * I did not implement the other side of getCurrentObject because I have trouble even thinking about it. ;-)
* April 6
   * [[LO2]]
      * New bookmarks include info about where the cursor should go.
         * When you create a bookmark, now it attaches to the bookmark, as an attribute, the value of the created attribute of the headline the bar cursor is on when you create the bookmark. Later, when you choose the bookmark, after it opens the outline, it looks for a headline with the remembered created it, and if it finds it, that's where the bar cursor shows up.
   * [[Docs]]
      * I've now got a strategy for doing docs.
      * I use one-level includes in the verb docs file, so op verbs, for example is in its own OPML file.
      * I tie them all together through the Bookmarks menu as well as via includes in the OPML source.
      * So editing is still pretty easy. I depend much less on remembering names of files and whether they're public or private. Bookmarks hides all that, and let's me use more characters to describe what's going on. Big win for complex projects and documenting Drummer is probably the most complex writing project I've ever done. I've never written the docs for my own product before. 
   * [[Drummer]]
      * The op "visit" routines are tested and documented.
         * They were in poor shape, basically they didn't work.
         * Note: The callbacks are not asynchronous, so they do not have to be called with promises.
         * The three verbs are:
            * op.visitAll
            * op.visitSubs
            * op.visitToSummit
         * The examples are a bit more complicated than the other verbs, so they are not meant to be run with Cmd-/.
      * file.readOptionalFile, new verb, written, tested, documented 
         * http://scripting.com/code/docserver/?verb=file.readOptionalFile
* April 5
   * [[LO2]]
      * It's been a rough couple of days. after a week of big progress, I started going into areas of the program that are hard to deal with and came up empty in all cases. Shit happens. 
         * I wanted to have a popup on each file in a tab that displays info about the file, it's size, dates, private or public. But it turns out that the way bootstrap sets up tabs, anchor elements are blocks, not inline. Trying to override that ended up with even more problems. 
         * I figured out how to make switching between tabs instantaneous, by keeping around the DOM structure that Concord manages instead of having to reload OPML. But the tabclick routine does a lot. Handles hoisting, instant outlines, and more. Which makes this pretty complex. Might require another rewrite of tabclick to get this done, but it will get done. 
         * There were a few others. I have to regroup and plan out my next steps.
* April 3
   * [[Drummer]] -- root.opml
      * root.opml is where your global scripts and data go. 
         * like the other special files, it is opened automatically at startup, if it exists.
         * the top level of the root outline has names. they must be valid JS names. 
         * below the top level is up to you, however it must be legal JS syntax.
         * when it loads the root outline, drummer loops over each of the summits, and for each, does an assignment:
            * root [name] = subtext
               * root is a global object in Drummer.
               * name is the name from the summit
               * subtext is all the subordinate text
         * here's an example, what's in my root.opml right now. if you want you can put it in yours, and the examples in the next section should work.
            * test 
               * function (name) {
                  * dialog.alert ("Greetings: " + name);
                  * }
            * myPrefs
               * {
                  * age: 34, 
                  * country: "USA",
                  * favoriteMovies: [
                     * "babe",
                     * "the departed",
                     * "casablanca"
                     * ]
                  * }
         * what can I do with this?
            * root.test ("Bull Mancuso")
               * undefined
            * root.myPrefs.favoriteMovies [1]
               * the departed
         * as with the other special outlines, as you're editing root.opml it is processed as if you were starting up, so your changes are immediate.
         * root is in the Special files sub-menu of the Files menu.
         * prior art
            * root in Frontier
            * The glossary in Old School (and going back to Frontier website framework)
   * [[LO2]]
      * The close box only appears in the current tab. More economical use of horiz space.
      * Double-clicking on an include node now expands it.
         * As far as I can tell this hasn't worked since I switched to the new server.
   * [[DocServer]]
      * My verbDocs.opml file was getting too large to manage in LO2. 
      * I needed to break it up to multiple files, and link them together with includes.
      * So I added a one-level include feature in DocServer.
      * I'm going to be doing more with includes, this is a first step.
* April 2
   * [[LO2]]
      * Each tab now has an x which, if you click it, will close the tab.
      * This makes closing tabs easier in two ways.
         * 1. You don't have to activate the tab you want to close.
         * 2. You don't have to go to the File menu.
      * Still thinking about whether I want every tab to have a close box.
         * It adds 10px horizontal to each tab. 
         * It might not be worth the tradeoff.
   * [[DocServer]]
      * the left column now lists verb categories, not verbs. 
         * the list was getting too long to be useful.
      * watch out for UI glitches, there probably are some. 
* April 1
   * [[question for andrew]]
      * There are two ways to run a script. In one, I can have multiple lines of code, logic and looping. 
         * In the other, I can just have one expression.
         * Yet when I look at the code, they do the same thing, they both call runScriptText.
         * I want to create example scripts, for DocServer, that have more than one statement on a line, and have been trying to figure out how this works. I thought I understood, but apparently not
   * [[drummer]]
      * scripts that run when you expand a headline
         * a new section to the scheduler outline
            * the scripts run when you expand a headline
         * example
            * expand
               * echo type
                  * var type = op.attributes.getOne ("type");
                  * if (type === undefined) {
                     * console.log ("no type");
                     * }
                  * else {
                     * console.log (type)
                     * }
               * echo text
                  * console.log (op.getLineText ())
         * quiet power
            * in frontier we had a feature called nodetypes
               * based on the type of a node, certain things happen
               * LO2 already has certain types defined
                  * include
                  * link
                  * word
                  * tweet
               * with this feature you can add your own
      * scheduled scripts
         * Fixed a bug where it would only run the first script in a given class. 
      * file.getFileInfo
         * http://scripting.com/code/docserver/?verb=file.getFileInfo
