* May 29
   * file.xxx verbs review
      * Decided for now that the file verbs will not run against local files. I want to be more careful about this.
      * file.exists ("happy.opml")
         * false
      * file.writeWholeFile ("hello.txt", "Hello World")
         * true
      * file.makeFilePublic ("hello.txt")
         * http://drummer.scripting.com/davewiner/hello.txt
      * http.readUrl ("http://drummer.scripting.com/davewiner/hello.txt")
         * Hello World
   * Electric Drummer
      * I've checked out most of the cool Drummer stuff in the Electron version and it's working nicely.
      * I really need the capabilities of a desktop computer to do all the docs I am working on. I have a lot better control of the content here, and in a pinch I can run a Frontier script against this data. 
      * I figure a few more days before I'm working on non-Electron stuff. In a way it's lucky the weather is so yucky this weekend. 
* May 26
   * Electric Drummer
      * I have private files working now. 
      * I can create them, and they sync up to electricserver (same one EO syncs to)
      * the goal here is to be able to us eDrum to edit everything EO does, including Scripting News
      * In the next session I will test all the special outlines
* May 24
   * Electric Drummer progress report
      * The tabs work, you can use it to edit stuff, just like Drummer.
      * Obvious next steps
         * Bring in the menu bar from Drummer
            * Review each of the commands, do they make sense, here?
            * Use EO as prior art.
         * Download all the files from the drummer server, and move them into a folder here
            * These will be the real copies
         * Go through EO and start listing the custom Electron-only features that need to be moved
            * Two immediate examples, image uploader, and public outlines
            * Enough so I can use this to write Scripting News and this.how docs
* May 23
   * I'm working on the Electron version of Drummer
      * Making good progress, but it's slow.
      * The payoff -- one outliner, not two.
      * Any changes made in one automatically are in the other. 
* May 19
   * Code grooming, preparing for the Electron version
      * In Drummer codebase,
         * remove all references to previous tab system. Most of it is commented out already.
            * the thing to search for is appPrefs.ixCurrentTab. It doesn't exist any longer. Any code that references it is for the old tab model.
         * update the repo, review the code by scrolling through, look for more problems
         * implement file reading and writing via callbacks in newOutlineInTab
            * in Electric Drummer, these callbacks will write to the local file system 
         * move as much general functionality into a file that can be included in Electric Drummer
            * drummer functionality that is above the file functionality 
      * I forked the Electric Outliner code base, it's running. 
         * I'm going to completely remove the outliner and replace it with code that calls into the shared code 
* May 17
   * Changed the way autosave is configured. 
      * Generally want to make it more conservative, less save-happy. ;-)
      * Instead of resetting on a keystroke, we reset on a user action, which could include a mouse click, or whatever we think should delay the save to keep the machine responsive for the user. 
      * We also don't do more than one autosave every X seconds.
   * I was using double-square brackets incorrectly 
      * In previous notes, I was using them as categories, but they're actually file names.
      * I refer to a file in double-square brackets, like a link. 
      * If I click on such a link and there is no page with that name, I am offered the chance to create it. 
      * That was borrowed from wikis. 
   * This feels slow
      * Not sure if this is for real or just in my mind.
         * I just typed this section, after reloading the app, and it's very fast.
         * I'm going to have to figure out how to do profiling of background processes.
         * Oh after pausing a bit, it just slowed down. But now it's fast again.
         * I have four tabs open
            * Dave status (this file)
            * Drummer todo
            * verbDocs
            * scratchpad
      * Maybe the slowness is connected with auto saving
         * &nbsp;
   * Cleanup work on op.getSelectedText and op.replaceSelectedText.
      * op.getSelectedText ()
         * "change notes"
      * op.replaceSelectedText (string.upper (op.getSelectedText ()))
         * "OUTLINE"
* May 16
   * Status outline
      * I archived the February, March and April sub-outlines in files that are now included. 
      * This file is now much smaller.
   * Archived change notes
      * Changes I made while reorganizing the tabs in Drummer, with little or no updates to status outline.
   * [[Verbs]]
      * Two new op verbs.
         * op.getSelectedText
         * op.replaceSelectedText
* May 15
   * [[Drummer]]
      * Bumped version to 2.0.3.
      * The popover linked to the file icon in the tabs now reflects what's in the file, has been tuned up, looks good. 
      * We get as much info as we can from the <head> section of the opml text, which means we must read the file even if the tab isn't open. 
      * There's a difference between what we show for instant outlines relative to our own outlines, but the user probably won't notice. 
      * Updated so that now the title of instant outlines changes if the author changes the title, without you having to click on the tab, as does the information in the popovers. 
      * Unless there are bugs, the popovers are finished now. 
* May 14
   * [[Drummer]]
      * When you hover over the title of a tab you see the description from the <head> section of the OPML file.
         * This works even if you haven't activated the tab, ie the OPML hasn't "officially" been read yet. 
* May 13
   * New howto for outliner devs
      * Checklist of examples, specs, advice on supporting OPML in apps. 
   * New Twitter app
      * Drummer is no longer hitching a ride on Little Outliner. 
      * It's got its own app. So you'll have to log off and log on. 
* May 12
   * [[drummer]]
      * local includes
         * If the url attribute of an include node begins with file:// it's interpreted as a local include.
         * Instead of reading the file over http, which requires that it be public, it reads the file using the API. 
         * If you have a folder structure on the server, you can reflect that in the url, for example:
            * file://project1/plan.opml
         * Examples
            * example of a remote include
            * example of a local include (probably won't work for you, see below)
               * United States
                  * Far West
                     * Alaska
                        * Alaska is the largest U.S. state by area and the seventh largest subnational division in the world. It is the third least populous and the most sparsely populated state, but by far the continent's most populous territory located mostly north of the 60th parallel, with an estimated population of 738,432 as 2015䴊more than quadruple the combined populations of Northern Canada and Greenland.[4]
                           * Approximately half of Alaska's residents live within the Anchorage metropolitan area. The state capital of Juneau is the second largest city in the United States by area, comprising more territory than the states of Rhode Island and Delaware.
                     * California
                        * California is a state in the Pacific Region of the United States. With 39.5 million residents across a total area of about 163,696 square miles (423,970 km2), California is the most populous U.S. state and the third-largest by area. 
                           * The state capital is Sacramento. The Greater Los Angeles Area and the San Francisco Bay Area are the nation's second- and fifth-most populous urban regions, with 18.7 million and 9.7 million residents respectively.[13] Los Angeles is California's most populous city, and the country's second-most populous, after New York City. California also has the nation's most populous county, Los Angeles County, and its largest county by area, San Bernardino County. The City and County of San Francisco is both the country's second most densely populated major city after New York City and the fifth most densely populated county, behind only four of the five New York City boroughs.
                     * Hawaii
                     * Nevada
                        * Reno
                        * Las Vegas
                           * The strip
                              * Caesar's Palace
                                 * nice hotel
                                    * muy expensive
                                 * gambling
                                 * music
                                 * restaurant
                                 * waste
                                    * human waste
                                    * chemical waste
                                    * animal waste
                                    * programming errors
                                    * porta potties
                                 * racketball
                                 * bowling
                                 * archery
                                 * prostitution
                              * Venetian
                                 * like a trip to venezia
                              * Wynn
                        * Ely
                        * Gerlach
                     * Oregon
                     * Washington
                  * Great Plains
                     * Kansas
                     * Nebraska
                     * North Dakota
                     * Oklahoma
                     * South Dakota
                        * okay if this works, this will <i>show up</i> in the saved file.
                        * let's see if this shows up...
                           * One two three four who are we fighting for??
                           * Hello dolly well hello dolly...
                  * Mid-Atlantic
                     * Delaware
                     * Maryland
                     * New Jersey
                     * New York
                     * Pennsylvania
                  * Midwest
                     * Illinois
                     * Indiana
                     * Iowa
                     * Kentucky
                     * Michigan
                     * Minnesota
                     * Missouri
                     * Ohio
                     * West Virginia
                     * Wisconsin
                  * Mountains
                     * Colorado
                     * Idaho
                     * Montana
                     * Utah
                     * Wyoming
                  * New England
                     * Connecticut
                     * Maine
                     * Massachusetts
                     * New Hampshire
                     * Rhode Island
                     * Vermont
                  * South
                     * Alabama
                     * Arkansas
                     * Florida
                     * Georgia
                     * Louisiana
                     * Mississippi
                     * North Carolina
                     * South Carolina
                     * Tennessee
                     * Virginia
                  * Southwest
                     * Arizona
                     * New Mexico
                     * Texas
         * I'm guessing the local include will not work on your system, unless you have a file called states.opml in your folder on the server. 
            * Which is kind of interesting, in its own way??
      * The <i>Include OPML</i> command in the File menu changes 
         * Instead of creating a new headline, it adds the attributes to the bar cursor headline. 
         * so to create an include:
            * press return to create a headline
            * enter some text if you want to do that fist 
            * choose Include OPML command
            * enter the url of the outline, or cancel if this isn't what you wanted to do.
      * Made suboutline visibility more selective
         * only on these operations
            * cursor moved
            * expand
         * stop doing it..
            * on reorg
            * collapse
            * every second
         * everything else is too jarring
         * <i>might</i> be places where we want to make the bch visible
         * not sure
* May 10
   * [[concordScript]]
      * Here's a script in my root.opml file.
         * getFriendsInfo
            * function () {
               * var theArray = new Array ();
               * var theProfile = twitter.getUserProfile ("davewiner");
               * console.log (jsonStringify (theProfile))
               * theArray.push (theProfile);
               * return (theArray);
               * }
      * I call it from a script that I run from an outline.
         * root.getFriendsInfo ()
            * [
               * { }
               * ]
      * What I expected
         * [
            * {
               * "screenname": "davewiner",
               * "name": "Dave Winer",
               * "id": "3839",
               * "description": "On the net since mid-70s. Started two Silicon Valley companies. Wrote for Wired. Fellow at Harvard, NYU. Founder of podcasting, blogging, RSS. Open web.",
               * "location": "Woodstock, NY",
               * "whenCreated": "Sat, 05 Aug 2006 23:04:08 GMT",
               * "ctFollowers": 67385,
               * "ctFollowed": 3876,
               * "ctFavorites": 17596,
               * "ctTweets": 191880
               * }
            * ]
      * I added some debugging code, and the contents of the { } was a promise that was not evaluated.
   * [[drummer]]
      * Coolest new feature in a while.
      * Now when you use cmd-/ in an outline, if the returned value is an object, array or any combination there of, instead of inserting the result as text, we build the structure in an outline, generating valid JSON if you copy/paste the text.
      * We're now on our way to having the outliner be a good JSON editor, btw.
      * But testing scripts now got a whole lot easier and much more fun. 
      * This is one of those "just works" sort of features. 
      * Here's an example of an array of objects.
         * [
            * {
               * "i": 0,
               * "square": 0,
               * "cube": 0,
               * "snark": "Use your mind!"
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 1,
               * "square": 1,
               * "cube": 1,
               * "snark": "That rug really tied the room together."
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 2,
               * "square": 4,
               * "cube": 8,
               * "snark": "If it doesn't have a feed it isn't a podcast."
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 3,
               * "square": 9,
               * "cube": 27,
               * "snark": "This is unfortunate and we're stuck with it forever."
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 4,
               * "square": 16,
               * "cube": 64,
               * "snark": "Wear a mask."
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 5,
               * "square": 25,
               * "cube": 125,
               * "snark": "When in doubt, blog."
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 6,
               * "square": 36,
               * "cube": 216,
               * "snark": "You should never argue with a crazy man."
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 7,
               * "square": 49,
               * "cube": 343,
               * "snark": "That rug really tied the room together."
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 8,
               * "square": 64,
               * "cube": 512,
               * "snark": "Ask not what the Internet can do for you."
               * },
            * {
               * "i": 9,
               * "square": 81,
               * "cube": 729,
               * "snark": "Choose to not be offended."
               * }
            * ]
* May 9
   * [[drummer]]
      * <i>Include OPML</i> command in File menu
         * ask dialog asks for the URL of the file you want to include
         * enter the URL, click OK, the include node is added with the cursor in text mode
         * if the previous outline is expanded, we insert to the right, otherwise down
         * attributes: type == "include", url == url you entered in dialog, created == current time
         * three commands:
            * View OPML
            * Insert OPML
            * Include OPML
      * In File/Open dialog, only present files whose names end with .opml.
      * We are not saving the tabs immediately after opening a file via a bookmark.
         * to reproduce --
            * choose a file that isn't already open from Bookmarks menu
            * reload the page
            * the file you opened will not be in the tabs
         * I think it's as simple as calling prefsChanged () after opening a new file
            * It was, the problem appears to be fixed. 
   * [[concord]] & [[drummer]]
      * Make the bar cursor suboutline visible as you reorg using keyboard
      * In Concord, add opReorg callback.
      * Catch the callback in drummerHome.
* May 8
   * [[davetwitter]]
      * Updated <a href="https://github.com/scripting/twitter">repository</a> on GitHub with the latest backend for Drummer verbs.
   * [[drummer]]
      * twitter.getTweet was returning the unprocessed object that Twitter sends us.
         * I rewrote it so that it returns a simplified object, with the information a script might need. 
         * twitter.getTweet
      * Updated twitter.getThread so it returns the same info about a tweet as twitter.getTweet does.
         * twitter.getThread
   * [[docserver]]
      * Reviewing docs for new twitter verbs.
         * twitter.getUserLists
         * twitter.getListMembers
         * twitter.getListInfo
         * twitter.updateListInfo
         * twitter.addMemberToList
         * twitter.addGroupToList
         * twitter.removeUserFromList
* May 7
   * [[Drummer]]
      * Write glue for new Twitter list verbs.
         * twitter.getUserLists
         * twitter.getListMembers
         * twitter.getListInfo
         * twitter.addMemberToList
         * twitter.addGroupToList
         * twitter.removeUserFromList
         * twitter.removeGroupFromList
   * [[davetwitter]]
      * Implemented new Twitter list functionality, to be called from Art Show and Drummer. 
* May 6
   * [[Drummer]]
      * Back to work on Drummer after almost a full month working on the new tabs implementation, which makes large files perform much better, since they stay in memory over a tab switch. Also will be easier to add features to the UI because we're using a big closure for each tab. 
