* <a name="a0"></a>August 31 <a href="#a0">#</a>
   * <a name="a1"></a>Looking for more testers <a href="#a1">#</a>
      * <a name="a2"></a>Posted a <a href="http://scripting.com/2021/08/31.html#a153800">note</a> on Scripting News.  <a href="#a2">#</a>
      * <a name="a3"></a>If you know someone I should add, please let me know. <a href="#a3">#</a>
      * <a name="a4"></a>I'll need their email address and GitHub account.  <a href="#a4">#</a>
   * <a name="a5"></a>Sent last night's email this morning <a href="#a5">#</a>
      * <a name="a6"></a>I was pretty wiped out last night.  <a href="#a6">#</a>
      * <a name="a7"></a>It was an impactful day. Got two big issues dealt with.  <a href="#a7">#</a>
      * <a name="a8"></a>Thanks to Scott and Anton for sticking with the issue(s). <a href="#a8">#</a>
* <a name="a9"></a>August 30 <a href="#a9">#</a>
   * <a name="a10"></a>Trapping the Big Bug <a href="#a10">#</a>
      * <a name="a11"></a>There was a big data-losing bug in Drummer, and last night I think I got it.  <a href="#a11">#</a>
      * <a name="a12"></a>Of course I was looking in the wrong place. Staring at code that wasn't working and not questioning whether or not it worked. One of the oldest programmer debugging mistakes. How long have I been programming? Too long. I still make this most obvious error. I suck!!! <a href="#a12">#</a>
      * <a name="a13"></a>So here's the setup. <a href="#a13">#</a>
         * <a name="a14"></a>At least two tabs open, one is an instant outline, the other could be anything. <a href="#a14">#</a>
         * <a name="a15"></a>The other one is frontmost. <a href="#a15">#</a>
         * <a name="a16"></a>A change comes in for the instant outline. Since it is not frontmost, we stash the opmltext somewhere out of the way until the user activates the I/O by clicking in its tab. (I/O is the shorthand for instant outline.) <a href="#a16">#</a>
         * <a name="a17"></a>Click in the tab of the I/O. <a href="#a17">#</a>
         * <a name="a18"></a>Drummer then starts activating the I/O. If it finishes before it gets to the code where it installs the updated outline, everything is cool, nothing gets overwritten. This is what's called a "race condition" in programming. <a href="#a18">#</a>
         * <a name="a19"></a>But if it's still doing the activation when it installs the opmltext, it will go into the other outline, which is now not visible. <a href="#a19">#</a>
         * <a name="a20"></a>And it shows the I/O but the old version of it. Since you don't know what to expect, you don't notice it. <a href="#a20">#</a>
         * <a name="a21"></a>Then when you switch back to the other outline, oh my god, it's got the I/O outline.  <a href="#a21">#</a>
         * <a name="a22"></a>If you then make a change, it will write it back out to the server. And you've lost your outline.  <a href="#a22">#</a>
         * <a name="a23"></a>The fix was simple. Don't install the new opmltext until the I/O is fully activated.  <a href="#a23">#</a>
         * <a name="a24"></a>As I've been writing this I've been switching back and forth over in Drummer on every line I type. <a href="#a24">#</a>
         * <a name="a25"></a>It hasn't fucked up once!  <a href="#a25">#</a>
         * <a name="a26"></a>Hoo hah, I think I got it.  <a href="#a26">#</a>
         * <a name="a27"></a>ÝÄù¥ÝÄù¥ÝÄù¥ÝÄù°ÝÄù³ÝÄùªÝÄùºÝÄù·ÝÄù­ÝÄù½ÝÄùÅÝÄùÙ <a href="#a27">#</a>
   * <a name="a28"></a>Old School and caching <a href="#a28">#</a>
      * <a name="a29"></a>Caching causes weird behavior for new users. This is a longish note because people will have to do something if and when their blog.opml outline gets large. The story follows... <a href="#a29">#</a>
      * <a name="a30"></a>Previously, if you deleted a day from your blog.opml outline, the day would still be part of the home page of your blog. This clearly was not good behavior. Now when you delete a day in your blog, the day will not appear in the rendering. That's the change, simple enough. Almost like fixing a bug, but not really. If you're expecting to be using Drummer for blogging for a while, as it appears some of you are, please read the next parts carefully. <a href="#a30">#</a>
      * <a name="a31"></a>This approach would not work for my blog, Scripting News, because I have to remove stuff from the outline to keep its size manageable. I do it every month, start with a clean slate. But when I do that there is no change in the home page of the blog. Tomorrow, on the first day of September there will still be 25 days on the home page. This is done using a cache that Old School maintains.  <a href="#a31">#</a>
      * <a name="a32"></a>Since prior to Drummer I was basically the only user of Old School, everything was cool. Now I can get the behavior I need by setting a config option called <i>flOldSchoolUseCache</i> and setting it true. Then (hopefully) Old School knows to use the cache (there could be a bug in the implementation). This will get a test on September 1 when I do the rollover. I will hold my breath when doing it. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a32">#</a>
      * <a name="a33"></a>Someday if you have too much in your outline and Drummer starts getting slow or you want to reduce clutter, just add the <i>flOldSchoolUseCache</i> head-level attribute to your blog.opml file, but not before then because you'll starting seeing days you deleted come back to life. <a href="#a33">#</a>
   * <a name="a34"></a>General notes <a href="#a34">#</a>
      * <a name="a35"></a>A couple of general notes that may sound like scolding, so I have to say up front this is like Zen and the art of software testing. Lessons learned after decades of doing this stuff: <a href="#a35">#</a>
         * <a name="a36"></a>You have to be careful in what you do. That's a basic rule of computer use, you won't get far if you just bang on the keyboard trying random stuff out. Drummer is like most software that way, and it's unfair to ask me to debug that kind of use. So please put thought into using the sofware.  <a href="#a36">#</a>
         * <a name="a37"></a>When blogging in Drummer, always use the + icon to create new posts. If you do it by hand don't ask for help. I don't want to document all the things the + icon does for you and I don't want to debug work that has incorrect attributes. It's there to make your work easier and more error-free. If you want to fly by the seat of your pants, go for it, but don't ask for help. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a37">#</a>
* <a name="a38"></a>August 29 <a href="#a38">#</a>
   * <a name="a39"></a>I started a Discord "server" <a href="#a39">#</a>
      * <a name="a40"></a>I followed the <a href="https://blog.discord.com/starting-your-first-discord-server-4dcacda8dad5">instructions</a>, there was nothing to it.  <a href="#a40">#</a>
         * <a name="a41"></a>https://discord.com/channels/881716708635717742/881716708635717745 <a href="#a41">#</a>
      * <a name="a42"></a>I have not used Discord very much, but perhaps it would be helpful for supporting Drummer? <a href="#a42">#</a>
      * <a name="a43"></a>A lot of people seem to like it.  <a href="#a43">#</a>
   * <a name="a44"></a>The eye icon and urlPublic <a href="#a44">#</a>
      * <a name="a45"></a>If there's an urlPublic head-level attribute, when you click the Eye icon, it now takes you to the url in urlPublic. <a href="#a45">#</a>
      * <a name="a46"></a>I set it up so that when I click the eye icon on the cluelessnewbie blog, it takes me to the blog. <a href="#a46">#</a>
      * <a name="a47"></a>I suggest that other people who use Drummer for blogging do the same for their blog.opml outline.  <a href="#a47">#</a>
      * <a name="a48"></a>urlPublic is set automatically when you make an outline public, but it's probably not too useful, because in Drummer you see the OPML of the file. I'm thinking we should do the same thing PagePark does with an OPML file. <a href="#a48">#</a>
      * <a name="a49"></a>If you have comments on this, post them in the GitHub thread.  <a href="#a49">#</a>
      * <a name="a50"></a>Next up -- writing the docs for the icon bar. <a href="#a50">#</a>
   * <a name="a51"></a>Tuneup import command <a href="#a51">#</a>
      * <a name="a52"></a>Two small changes to the import local file command. <a href="#a52">#</a>
         * <a name="a53"></a>Now the file chooser dialog will only show files that end with .opml. <a href="#a53">#</a>
         * <a name="a54"></a>There's a tiny bit of HTML code that has to be temporarily added to make this feature work. Previously that bit of HTML was actually visible, now it is not visible.  <a href="#a54">#</a>
      * <a name="a55"></a>Neither of these changes should break anything, but we're getting to the point with this product where we have to be more careful. ;-) <a href="#a55">#</a>
* <a name="a56"></a>August 28 <a href="#a56">#</a>
   * <a name="a57"></a>Import local file command <a href="#a57">#</a>
      * <a name="a58"></a>New File menu command.  <a href="#a58">#</a>
      * <a name="a59"></a>It's just after Import OPML which imports from a URL (a remote file). <a href="#a59">#</a>
      * <a name="a60"></a>The new <i>Import local file</i> command reads from a file you have on a local storage device, on your computer, or local network. <a href="#a60">#</a>
      * <a name="a61"></a>It opens a standard file chooser dialog. Pick a file, it must be an OPML file, the file must have a .opml extension. <a href="#a61">#</a>
      * <a name="a62"></a>The contents of the file is inserted down from the bar cursor.  <a href="#a62">#</a>
      * <a name="a63"></a>The new command is <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/files.opml#1630162622000">documented</a>. <a href="#a63">#</a>
   * <a name="a64"></a>Drag and Drop OPML files <a href="#a64">#</a>
      * <a name="a65"></a>You can drag an OPML file from your local system onto Drummer to import it into the current outline.  <a href="#a65">#</a>
      * <a name="a66"></a>A quick <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKM65EL6abo">video demo</a>. <a href="#a66">#</a>
   * <a name="a67"></a>Something neat that worked the first time <a href="#a67">#</a>
      * <a name="a68"></a>I'm working on getting importing OPML text working properly, both from a URL and a local file. The latter is new functionality, the former got simpler because I now have a great scripting verb set in the I'm working on. A bunch of the functionality in Drummer could be simplified because of that. It's one of the beautiful recursions in software that at some point you can use the tool to create itself. Drummer is gettin there.  <a href="#a68">#</a>
      * <a name="a69"></a>Anyway here's the neat thing. <a href="#a69">#</a>
         * <a name="a70"></a>op.insertOpml (http.readUrl ("http://opml.org/examples/states.opml?format=opml"), down) <a href="#a70">#</a>
      * <a name="a71"></a>If you copy that into a random outline and press Cmd-/, it'll import the states outline down from the bar cursor.  <a href="#a71">#</a>
      * <a name="a72"></a>I love it when things get as simple as they can. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a72">#</a>
   * <a name="a73"></a>Getting OPML from PagePark <a href="#a73">#</a>
      * <a name="a74"></a>This came up in a support question yesterday, and only applies to outlines that are served from PagePark. <a href="#a74">#</a>
      * <a name="a75"></a>If you go to the URL of the file, it will give you the HTML rendering of the OPML file. <a href="#a75">#</a>
      * <a name="a76"></a>So for example, if you visit the states.opml file you'll actually see HTML. <a href="#a76">#</a>
         * <a name="a77"></a>http://opml.org/examples/states.opml <a href="#a77">#</a>
      * <a name="a78"></a>If you want the OPML source behind the HTML, add <i>?format=opml</i> at the end of the URL. <a href="#a78">#</a>
         * <a name="a79"></a>http://opml.org/examples/states.opml?format=opml <a href="#a79">#</a>
      * <a name="a80"></a>If you forget how to do it, click on the orange XML icon in the upper right corner of the page. <a href="#a80">#</a>
* <a name="a81"></a>August 27 <a href="#a81">#</a>
   * <a name="a82"></a>Fixed a bug in enabling/disabling code <a href="#a82">#</a>
      * <a name="a83"></a>It probably didn't work on Windows or any machine other than a Mac. Now it should. <a href="#a83">#</a>
   * <a name="a84"></a>Say hello here... <a href="#a84">#</a>
      * <a name="a85"></a>If you have a question or comment about Drummer, please post it <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting/issues/30">in this thread</a>.  <a href="#a85">#</a>
      * <a name="a86"></a>I learned early-on that there is a serious limit using GitHub for testing a product in development. I thought notifications would go to everyone who was listed as a collaborator. Unfortunately this is not true. But if you post a message in that thread, you will be notified of future additions. So until further notice, this is our discussion board. <a href="#a86">#</a>
   * <a name="a87"></a>A bug that's lurking in Drummer <a href="#a87">#</a>
      * <a name="a88"></a>Something to watch out for because it's a serious problem and I really want to nail it.  <a href="#a88">#</a>
      * <a name="a89"></a>First, before describing it -- <i>please</i> backup your work... <a href="#a89">#</a>
         * <a name="a90"></a>If this problem hits you, you will wish you had. I will wish you had too! ;-) <a href="#a90">#</a>
         * <a name="a91"></a>The first command in the Tools menu,  <i>Download my files</i> takes a couple of seconds at most, and puts a small zip archive in the Downloads folder on your local computer. Don't even open it, just leave it there, until you need it. <a href="#a91">#</a>
      * <a name="a92"></a>Now, the problem. <a href="#a92">#</a>
         * <a name="a93"></a>You may see it if you have an instant outline open in a tab, one that has updated, in the background, when the tab was not frontmost.  <a href="#a93">#</a>
         * <a name="a94"></a>The changes to the outline will replace the contents of another file, one that is editable. This is where you lose work, and why you want a backup.  <a href="#a94">#</a>
         * <a name="a95"></a>If you see this happen, open the JavaScript console, if you know how to do that, and see if there are any messages there related to this problem. I have debugging code in the app that watches for this happening. I've never caught it this way, but at some point it may provide the clue needed to prevent this from happening.  <a href="#a95">#</a>
         * <a name="a96"></a>Then go onto the drummerTesting repo and add a comment to <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting/issues/30">this thread</a>.  <a href="#a96">#</a>
   * <a name="a97"></a>Enabling and disabling of menu items <a href="#a97">#</a>
      * <a name="a98"></a>I did a complete rebuild of the code that keeps items in the menus enabled or disabled based on whether you're logged in and whether or not the file in the current tab is read-only. This was a good thing to do at this point because it led to a careful review of the menu commands and the commands in the icon bar.  <a href="#a98">#</a>
      * <a name="a99"></a>There's still more work to do here. It should have some of the functionality of the arrow pad. For example it should disable <i>Expand</i> if the bar cursor headline is already expanded. And <i>Move up</i> should be disabled when the cursor is on the first item at its level.  <a href="#a99">#</a>
      * <a name="a100"></a>Thank you to Anton, one of the best testers I've worked with. He uses the software vigorously, understands its "virtuality" (a Ted Nelson term) and expects the software to implement his (correct) understanding the world it defines. This part of the software was unfinished, and buggy.  <a href="#a100">#</a>
      * <a name="a101"></a>In the voicemail (see below) I talk about that idea specifically -- it's a kind of innocence and naivete that it is totally worth preserving. Most software doesn't live up to that promise. But rather than turn the user into a cynic, I want the software to be where he is. Why should it permit a user to do something that makes no sense? That doesn't serve to reinforce the virtuality.  <a href="#a101">#</a>
      * <a name="a102"></a>BTW, this only applies to File, Outliner, Reorg and Tools. The other menus either don't need them (the commands always work, e.g. Docs), or are user-defined, so it's not practical for Drummer to manage them. I could do something with the Bookmarks menu because there are two commands in that menu that Drummer controls.  <a href="#a102">#</a>
   * <a name="a103"></a>Menu changes <a href="#a103">#</a>
      * <a name="a104"></a>Comment ==> Toggle comment <a href="#a104">#</a>
         * <a name="a105"></a>Help avoid confusion with other meaning of commenting. <a href="#a105">#</a>
         * <a name="a106"></a>Previously there wasn't enough horizontal space for the longer name, so I modified the menu to make it wider. ;-) <a href="#a106">#</a>
      * <a name="a107"></a>Arrow pad command removed <a href="#a107">#</a>
         * <a name="a108"></a>It now has a more prominent position in the icon bar. <a href="#a108">#</a>
         * <a name="a109"></a>In general commands whose names change are hard to document. <a href="#a109">#</a>
      * <a name="a110"></a>Visible/invisible markup command removed <a href="#a110">#</a>
         * <a name="a111"></a>Again, it now has a more prominent position in the icon bar <a href="#a111">#</a>
   * <a name="a112"></a>Voicemail to Drummer testers <a href="#a112">#</a>
      * <a name="a113"></a>http://scripting.com/2021/08/26/voicemailToDrummerTesters.m4a <a href="#a113">#</a>
* <a name="a114"></a>August 25 <a href="#a114">#</a>
   * <a name="a115"></a>How files work in Drummer <a href="#a115">#</a>
      * <a name="a116"></a>A new doc: <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/files.opml">Files and the File menu</a>.  <a href="#a116">#</a>
      * <a name="a117"></a>Every command in the File menu is explained.  <a href="#a117">#</a>
      * <a name="a118"></a>How to make a file public. <a href="#a118">#</a>
      * <a name="a119"></a>The difference between importing and including OPML files. <a href="#a119">#</a>
      * <a name="a120"></a>It's linked into the Docs menu of course. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a120">#</a>
   * <a name="a121"></a>Delete file command <a href="#a121">#</a>
      * <a name="a122"></a>Open the file, then choose <i>Delete file</i> in the File menu. <a href="#a122">#</a>
      * <a name="a123"></a>Be sure you're deleting the file you intend to delete.  <a href="#a123">#</a>
      * <a name="a124"></a>A dialog confirms that you want to do it and know <i>there is no undo.</i> <a href="#a124">#</a>
   * <a name="a125"></a>PagePark <a href="#a125">#</a>
      * <a name="a126"></a><a href="https://github.com/scripting/pagePark/blob/master/docs/config.md#urlglossary-for-individual-websites">New version</a> -- now a domain can "broadcast" a glossary to all the outlines served from that site.  <a href="#a126">#</a>
   * <a name="a127"></a>Other menu changes in Drummer <a href="#a127">#</a>
      * <a name="a128"></a><i>Open URL</i> command moves to just-below the Open command.  <a href="#a128">#</a>
      * <a name="a129"></a><i>Run selection</i> command moves from File menu to Reorg menu <a href="#a129">#</a>
* <a name="a130"></a>August 24 <a href="#a130">#</a>
   * <a name="a131"></a>Drummer CMS <a href="#a131">#</a>
      * <a name="a132"></a>As promised, here's the open source release of <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerCms">drummerCMS</a>.  <a href="#a132">#</a>
      * <a name="a133"></a>It's the app that gets called when you build a blog from within Drummer. <a href="#a133">#</a>
      * <a name="a134"></a>It's a small shell for the much larger <a href="https://github.com/scripting/oldSchoolBlog">oldSchoolBlog</a> <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/oldschoolblog">package</a> that connects it with Drummer.  <a href="#a134">#</a>
      * <a name="a135"></a>It would be of interest to developers of other outliners, or people with programming skills who use other outliners and want to publish their outlines as blogs with Old School. <a href="#a135">#</a>
   * <a name="a136"></a>Blogging docs <a href="#a136">#</a>
      * <a name="a137"></a>Updated the docs to strike through the <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/blogging.opml#1628779218000">workaround</a> for the problem I fixed yesterday. Eventually I will remove the paragraph. <a href="#a137">#</a>
   * <a name="a138"></a>View OPML command <a href="#a138">#</a>
      * <a name="a139"></a>If the file is public and does not have a urlPublic attribute, call the server to get the URL of the file.  <a href="#a139">#</a>
   * <a name="a140"></a>file.getFileInfo verb <a href="#a140">#</a>
      * <a name="a141"></a>If the file is public, there's a new property returned, urlPublic, the address of the file.  <a href="#a141">#</a>
      * <a name="a142"></a>If it's private there is no urlPublic property returned.  <a href="#a142">#</a>
      * <a name="a143"></a><a href="http://scripting.com/code/docserver/?verb=file.getFileInfo">DocServer docs</a> updated. <a href="#a143">#</a>
   * <a name="a144"></a>Drummer on non-US keyboard? <a href="#a144">#</a>
      * <a name="a145"></a><a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting/issues/30#issuecomment-904765725">Scott Hanson</a> is trying to figure out how to enter Cmd-/ from a German keyboard. <a href="#a145">#</a>
   * <a name="a146"></a>Drummer breakage fixed <a href="#a146">#</a>
      * <a name="a147"></a>Fixed a bug that broke the info box that pops up when you hover over a file's icon in the tab bar.  <a href="#a147">#</a>
   * <a name="a148"></a>Drummer server, incorrect content type for OPML files <a href="#a148">#</a>
      * <a name="a149"></a>It was serving public OPML files with the wrong content type. The correct type is text/xml. Here's an <a href="http://drummer.scripting.com/cluelessnewbie/blog.opml">example</a> of such a file.  <a href="#a149">#</a>
* <a name="a150"></a>August 23 <a href="#a150">#</a>
   * <a name="a151"></a>Blog building fix <a href="#a151">#</a>
      * <a name="a152"></a>Now when you build your blog, it always builds the home page, the archive page for the current day, and any titled story pages for the current day. You shouldn't have to make a text change to trick the CMS into building your page. Still have to update the docs. <a href="#a152">#</a>
   * <a name="a153"></a>New verb -- oldSchool.buildBlog <a href="#a153">#</a>
      * <a name="a154"></a>Sends a message to Old School to build the user's blog.  <a href="#a154">#</a>
      * <a name="a155"></a><a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/?verb=oldSchool.buildBlog">DocServer page</a>.  <a href="#a155">#</a>
   * <a name="a156"></a>Tools menu change <a href="#a156">#</a>
      * <a name="a157"></a><i>Download my files</i> moves to the top of the menu, with a separator to emphasize its importance. <a href="#a157">#</a>
   * <a name="a158"></a>Worknotes posted for June and July <a href="#a158">#</a>
      * <a name="a159"></a>I just posted my worknotes for <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting/blob/main/notes/2021/06.md">June</a> and <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting/blob/main/notes/2021/07.md">July</a>. <a href="#a159">#</a>
      * <a name="a160"></a>They cover work on Drummer and related projects. <a href="#a160">#</a>
      * <a name="a161"></a>You'll see I spent much of this time working on OPML, that's how important it is that we establish a strong basis for interop. I'm not going to participate in a silo'd market, and outlining is way too important to let it get so derailed. We don't need a Google or Apple here, we need an open market exploring all the nooks and crannies.  <a href="#a161">#</a>
      * <a name="a162"></a>Also lots of notes for Electric Drummer, which I have been using since May to write everything. It still has a couple of deal-stopper bugs, and I'm going to put in some time soon on getting those fixed so it can be part of the testing going forward.  <a href="#a162">#</a>
      * <a name="a163"></a>I've always wanted to publish complete worknotes, and I've tried before. This time I'm publishing notes well after the work is complete, so readers won't be tempted to try to direct my work. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a163">#</a>
   * <a name="a164"></a>You can subscribe to my tweets in Drummer <a href="#a164">#</a>
      * <a name="a165"></a><a href="http://drummer.scripting.com/?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/scripting/instantOutlines/main/outlines/twitter/davewiner.opml">Click this link</a>, it will open as an outline in a tab in Drummer. And the outline automatically updates when I post something new.  <a href="#a165">#</a>
* <a name="a166"></a>August 22 <a href="#a166">#</a>
   * <a name="a167"></a>Drummer image browser <a href="#a167">#</a>
      * <a name="a168"></a>New command in the Tools menu, Image browser.  <a href="#a168">#</a>
      * <a name="a169"></a>It brings up a window with all the images that have appeared in the right margin of <a href="http://scripting.com/">Scripting News</a> since May 2017. <a href="#a169">#</a>
      * <a name="a170"></a>They're all less than 200 pixels wide. Transparent background.  <a href="#a170">#</a>
      * <a name="a171"></a>Scroll through the list. When you see an image you want to use, click it. A dialog appears with the URL of the image. <a href="#a171">#</a>
      * <a name="a172"></a>You can set the <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/blogging.opml#1628776837000">image attribute</a> of a blog post with that URL and it'll show up in the right margin when the blog is published. <a href="#a172">#</a>
      * <a name="a173"></a>The images add a little color and whimsy (perhaps) to an otherwise black and white stream of prose.  <a href="#a173">#</a>
      * <a name="a174"></a>Anton Zuiker suggested this as a feature, and I needed a <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amuse-bouche">palate cleanser</a> before returning to fixing Drummer bugs.  <a href="#a174">#</a>
      * <a name="a175"></a><a href="http://scripting.com/images/2021/08/22/imageBrowserScreenShot.png">Screen shot</a>. <a href="#a175">#</a>
   * <a name="a176"></a>Fixed bug in glossaries <a href="#a176">#</a>
      * <a name="a177"></a>Anton <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting/issues/30#issuecomment-903165458">reported</a> a problem using a <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/blogging.opml#1629212543000">glossary</a> with his Drummer blog. I was able to easily reproduce, and fixed it.  <a href="#a177">#</a>
      * <a name="a178"></a>His Drummer-published blog is <a href="http://oldschool.scripting.com/mistersugar/">here</a>.  I love the way he has embraced the product. <a href="#a178">#</a>
* <a name="a179"></a>August 20 <a href="#a179">#</a>
   * <a name="a180"></a>opml.org <a href="#a180">#</a>
      * <a name="a181"></a>Finished restoration. <a href="#a181">#</a>
      * <a name="a182"></a>Preserved the old site, and linked to it from the new one.  <a href="#a182">#</a>
      * <a name="a183"></a>Here are the URLs. <a href="#a183">#</a>
         * <a name="a184"></a><a href="http://opml.org/">opml.org</a> -- the spec, examples, links to source code, in the future a directory of apps. <a href="#a184">#</a>
         * <a name="a185"></a><a href="http://dev.opml.org/">dev.opml.org</a> -- the previous site, dating back to 2005, now redirects to opml.org. <a href="#a185">#</a>
         * <a name="a186"></a><a href="http://2005.opml.org/">2005.opml.org</a> -- the preserved version of the previous site.  <a href="#a186">#</a>
         * <a name="a187"></a><a href="http://2021.opml.org/">2021.opml.org</a> -- notes on the work just done. <a href="#a187">#</a>
      * <a name="a188"></a>Questions/comments, post <a href="https://github.com/scripting/opml.org/issues/1">here</a>. (Note that's a public place.) <a href="#a188">#</a>
      * <a name="a189"></a>Now back to the <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting">Drummer</a> release. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a189">#</a>
* <a name="a190"></a>August 17 <a href="#a190">#</a>
   * <a name="a191"></a>opml.org <a href="#a191">#</a>
      * <a name="a192"></a>The <a href="http://2021.opml.org/spec2.opml">OPML 2.0 spec</a> has been converted to the new format.  <a href="#a192">#</a>
      * <a name="a193"></a>I hope to have the whole site cleaned up and modernized in the next few days. <a href="#a193">#</a>
      * <a name="a194"></a>OPML is the file format that Drummer uses. It's how we'll connect with other apps to build an open ecosystem of writing tools (like Drummer), renderers and processors. <a href="#a194">#</a>
   * <a name="a195"></a>The glossary <a href="#a195">#</a>
      * <a name="a196"></a>The glossary is a special outline that acts as a substitution table when text is rendered. <a href="#a196">#</a>
      * <a name="a197"></a>It's now documented as part of <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/blogging.opml#1629212543000">Blogging in Drummer</a>. <a href="#a197">#</a>
   * <a name="a198"></a>The global "root" object <a href="#a198">#</a>
      * <a name="a199"></a><a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/scripting.opml#1629216924000">For programmers</a>, the lowest level of Drummer coding, the <i>root</i> object which you can easily add properties to at startup.  <a href="#a199">#</a>
      * <a name="a200"></a>This completes the docs for Scripting in Drummer. There will be more to write, but the main types of code are now documented.  <a href="#a200">#</a>
         * <a name="a201"></a>Add a command to the Scripts menu.  <a href="#a201">#</a>
         * <a name="a202"></a>Run a script from an outline with Cmd-/, <a href="#a202">#</a>
         * <a name="a203"></a>Add an icon in the iconbar.  <a href="#a203">#</a>
         * <a name="a204"></a>Run scripts with the scheduler, at startup, every second, minute, overnight, when an item is expanded. <a href="#a204">#</a>
         * <a name="a205"></a>From the global "root" object, where you can add code and data that can be accessed from all your script code. <a href="#a205">#</a>
   * <a name="a206"></a>Writers and programmers <a href="#a206">#</a>
      * <a name="a207"></a>A bit of philosophy... <a href="#a207">#</a>
      * <a name="a208"></a>Tthe connection between writers and programmers makes Drummer work. I've been able to loosely define some features, it's necessary because there are so many, there's simply no room in the UI to make everything as automatic as some things, like the Scripts menu and the Iconbar are. But the programmability will make it possible to customize the environment.  <a href="#a208">#</a>
      * <a name="a209"></a>Some of you have been invited to be part of the initial group because you're programmers, or designers of software -- or thinkers  -- your focus is on the technology.  <a href="#a209">#</a>
      * <a name="a210"></a>Recently I've been asking people who are primarily writers to join the group. I'm expecting and hoping for different things from each group.  <a href="#a210">#</a>
      * <a name="a211"></a>In the early days of podcasting we called this <i>Users and developers party together. </i>This experiment, if it works, will also be that.  <a href="#a211">#</a>
      * <a name="a212"></a>PS: Designers will have a role in Drummer as well, haven't gotten to that part yet. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a212">#</a>
* <a name="a213"></a>August 16 <a href="#a213">#</a>
   * <a name="a214"></a>opml.org <a href="#a214">#</a>
      * <a name="a215"></a>Cleared up the problem with redirecting from opml.org to dev.opml.org. <a href="#a215">#</a>
      * <a name="a216"></a>Plotted out the next steps on <a href="http://2021.opml.org/">2021.opml.org</a>.  <a href="#a216">#</a>
      * <a name="a217"></a>This is a Drummer project, a good test for the app.  <a href="#a217">#</a>
* <a name="a218"></a>August 15 <a href="#a218">#</a>
   * <a name="a219"></a>Good morning <a href="#a219">#</a>
      * <a name="a220"></a>People are starting to use Drummer, esp now that the <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/blogging.opml">connection</a> to Old School is in. <a href="#a220">#</a>
      * <a name="a221"></a>Until now my advice has been -- just use it. Figure out how it works, and see if it fits into your work flow. Now I'd like to start to direct your attention to specific features, new to Drummer, whose benefits might not be obvious at first.  <a href="#a221">#</a>
      * <a name="a222"></a>Let's start with a big new feature -- Bookmarks. <a href="#a222">#</a>
   * <a name="a223"></a>Bookmarks <a href="#a223">#</a>
      * <a name="a224"></a>I couldn't get any work done in Drummer without bookmarks. <a href="#a224">#</a>
      * <a name="a225"></a>Drummer's file system is far away in the cloud. There's no hierarchy, it's a flat space, and that's deliberate, because Drummer has the Bookmarks menu which is way better than a hierarchic file system. <a href="#a225">#</a>
      * <a name="a226"></a>I am doing a number of different projects in Drummer. Each one gets a sub-menu in my Bookmarks menu. I have one for DocServer, where the files are the source outlines for the DocServer collection. I have one for all the topics of Drummer docs. There's a sub-menu for Scripting News. I hope to have sub-menus for development projects, once I get a chance to do serious dev work in Drummer.  <a href="#a226">#</a>
      * <a name="a227"></a>I started a Bookmarks sub-menu today for the work I'm doing to bring <a href="http://opml.org/">opml.org</a> up to date, and unbreak it. It's like all of my long-term tech projects, suffering from lack of focus, but no lack of experimentation! I've been going through them projects one by one, and now it's opml.org's turn. (See notes below.) <a href="#a227">#</a>
      * <a name="a228"></a>With bookmarks, I have hierarchy to work with, in a much more congenial form -- using the outliner. A file system, esp one in the cloud , is cumbersome to work with, but the Bookmarks menu is just an outline, and I know how to organize with outlines. That's what the outliner is for.  <a href="#a228">#</a>
      * <a name="a229"></a>I use the tabs to keep the files I always need to have open -- my blog, my worknotes outline, change notes for Drummer -- easily accessible. And then a couple of tabs for the project I'm focused on at the moment. Everything else is almost as easy for me to access in the Bookmarks menu. <a href="#a229">#</a>
      * <a name="a230"></a>So think in terms of Bookmarks. They are power-expanders.   <a href="#a230">#</a>
   * <a name="a231"></a>A missing need <a href="#a231">#</a>
      * <a name="a232"></a>Allen Wirfs-Brock told me a story about wanting to look at two outlines at the same time. A very legit thing to do, and something Drummer, right now, <i>cannot</i> do, and it must. So I'm thinking of ways to make that happen. Maybe a simple function that allows you to pop a tab off into a new window, in read-only mode. I don't want to replicate all of Drummer's functionality that way, not even sure it oculd be made to work. But a read-only outline, that could work. Interested in your thoughts (open an issue on the GitHub repo if you want to.  <a href="#a232">#</a>
   * <a name="a233"></a>OPML.org rebuild <a href="#a233">#</a>
      * <a name="a234"></a>I have a staging site for the new version at <a href="http://2021.opml.org/">2021.opml.org</a>. Lots of notes and links on that page.   <a href="#a234">#</a>
      * <a name="a235"></a>I have also converted the <a href="http://2021.opml.org/spec2.opml">OPML 2.0 spec</a>.  <a href="#a235">#</a>
      * <a name="a236"></a>The big new thing here is going to be a process for sharing example OPML files, not just for Drummer, but for all OPML generators, renderers and processors. My example files setup is very disorganized. I'm going to fix that.   <a href="#a236">#</a>
   * <a name="a237"></a>Two open releases I've put on the list <a href="#a237">#</a>
      * <a name="a238"></a>First there will be an open source release of the blogging template.  <a href="#a238">#</a>
         * <a name="a239"></a>Including the HTML, CSS and JavaScript code <a href="#a239">#</a>
         * <a name="a240"></a>I want to clean it up a bit first, there's some old bits in there that shouldn't be part of a general release.  <a href="#a240">#</a>
         * <a name="a241"></a>The idea is to make it easy for a community to create new templates, and new runtime functionality, if there's an interest.  <a href="#a241">#</a>
         * <a name="a242"></a>This gets it off my plate, I won't be in the way of improvements there. I might make improvements, but you can fork off your own template to explore your own ideas, or use the work of others. Let a thousand flowers bloom!  <a href="#a242">#</a>
      * <a name="a243"></a>Second, I will release the app that connects Drummer and Old School. <a href="#a243">#</a>
         * <a name="a244"></a>It's a small Node app that implements the conventions described in the docs. <a href="#a244">#</a>
         * <a name="a245"></a>There were some questions if there can only be one blog, well with this code, you could create any conventions you like.  <a href="#a245">#</a>
         * <a name="a246"></a>Also it provides a way for other outliners to connect up to Old School, with as much convenience as it is connected to Drummer. <a href="#a246">#</a>
         * <a name="a247"></a>I really believe the Small Pieces Loosely Joined philosophy, with more than good intentions. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a247">#</a>
         * <a name="a248"></a>As they say, you can fake caring, but you can't fake showing up. <a href="#a248">#</a>
* <a name="a249"></a>August 13 <a href="#a249">#</a>
   * <a name="a250"></a>Drummer + Old School <a href="#a250">#</a>
      * <a name="a251"></a>Thanks to Allen Wirfs-Brock, Anton Zuiker, Doc Searls, Ken Smith for going first.  <a href="#a251">#</a>
      * <a name="a252"></a>I spent today absorbing feedback from the new Drummer/Old School connection.  <a href="#a252">#</a>
      * <a name="a253"></a>The <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting/issues/30">thread</a> on GitHub is worth following, esp for people who come from the Manila and Radio timefram. (Thinking of Jake, Paolo and Matt.)  <a href="#a253">#</a>
      * <a name="a254"></a>I didn't explain in the <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/blogging.opml">docs</a> how this connection was implemented. I'd like to do that here.  <a href="#a254">#</a>
         * <a name="a255"></a>Drummer is a browser-based app with a back-end that handles identity and storage. <a href="#a255">#</a>
         * <a name="a256"></a>Old School is a <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/oldschoolblog">package</a>, so to deploy it, one needs to write an app that contains it.  <a href="#a256">#</a>
         * <a name="a257"></a>Drummer CMS is the app that connects Drummer and Old School. It acts as a bridge between the world that Drummer defines, and the setup that Old School needs. It has hard-coded in it the assumption that the user's blog is at drummer.scripting.com, and is a public file named blog.opml.  <a href="#a257">#</a>
            * <a name="a258"></a>Then it handles a single REST call that builds a blog based on the user's name. That's enough for Drummer CMS to locate the OPML file.   <a href="#a258">#</a>
               * <a name="a259"></a>It's at drummer.scripting.com. <a href="#a259">#</a>
               * <a name="a260"></a>We know the user's name. <a href="#a260">#</a>
               * <a name="a261"></a>It's named blog.opml. <a href="#a261">#</a>
            * <a name="a262"></a>So for example, my test blog's OPML file is here: <a href="#a262">#</a>
               * <a name="a263"></a>http://drummer.scripting.com/cluelessnewbie/blog.opml <a href="#a263">#</a>
            * <a name="a264"></a>And the configuration options for the blog come from the &lt;head> section of the OPML file.  <a href="#a264">#</a>
            * <a name="a265"></a>Nice and simple, yet infinitely flexible.  <a href="#a265">#</a>
            * <a name="a266"></a>Drummer CMS also implements defaults, like where the default template comes from if the blog doesn't declare one. There will be other defaults implemented here. I will at some point release the connector app as open source. <a href="#a266">#</a>
         * <a name="a267"></a>Open web religion. I am continuing to build <a href="https://www.smallpieces.com/">small pieces loosely joined</a>, in the architecture of the open web as I always understood it to work. The user must not be locked into Drummer because you use Old School, and vice versa. It isn't enough to say we offer this, we will need second implementors to hook in both ways. Other blogging CMSes that can receive a blog as an OPML file, and other OPML editors that hook up to CMSes. I'm doing what I can by offering this combination to get the ball rolling, to provide both chickens and both eggs. :smile: <a href="#a267">#</a>
* <a name="a268"></a>August 12 <a href="#a268">#</a>
   * <a name="a269"></a>Big new feature. <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/blogging.opml">Blogging in Drummer</a>.  <a href="#a269">#</a>
   * <a name="a270"></a>My <a href="http://oldschool.scripting.com/cluelessnewbie/">test blog</a> and the <a href="http://drummer.scripting.com/cluelessnewbie/blog.opml">outline</a> it comes from. <a href="#a270">#</a>
   * <a name="a271"></a>Questions, comments? Post <a href="https://github.com/scripting/drummerTesting/issues/30">here</a>.  <a href="#a271">#</a>
   * <a name="a272"></a>The story <a href="#a272">#</a>
      * <a name="a273"></a>It goes back to 2017, really back to 1995 or so.  <a href="#a273">#</a>
      * <a name="a274"></a>Blogging and outlining, imho were designed to go together.  <a href="#a274">#</a>
      * <a name="a275"></a><a href="http://scripting.com/davenet/">My first blog</a> was an outline, then as blogging grew, the market drifted toward a different model, so we went with it -- with Manila and then Radio UserLand. And it kept drifting as social media came along, people wanted to cross-post to Twitter, Facebook, Medium -- and Google Reader limited the kind of post it would accept, and we tried to accomodate, until finally in 2017 I said <a href="http://scripting.com/2017/05/05/iWantMyOldBlogBack.html">I want my old blog back</a>, and I started over. That's where <a href="https://github.com/scripting/oldSchoolBlog">Old School</a> started.  <a href="#a275">#</a>
      * <a name="a276"></a>Now four years later, it's pretty complete, solid, and now that outlining is seeing a rebirth, let's try combining the two, again. <a href="#a276">#</a>
      * <a name="a277"></a>That's what's new today. Old School and Drummer. <a href="#a277">#</a>
   * <a name="a278"></a>Other fixes/changes <a href="#a278">#</a>
      * <a name="a279"></a>Drummer -- bug -- single quote in title screws up display <a href="#a279">#</a>
         * <a name="a280"></a>The tab title was getting mangled if the title of the file had a single-quote in it. That's because elsewhere we're using single-quotes as the delimiter to embed the text of the popup in the HTML. <a href="#a280">#</a>
         * <a name="a281"></a>Solved the problem by encoding the single quotes as &amp;apos; when building the html text. <a href="#a281">#</a>
      * <a name="a282"></a>New verb twitter.getMyScreenname <a href="#a282">#</a>
         * <a name="a283"></a><a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/?verb=twitter.getMyScreenname">Returns</a> the screenname of the current logged-in user.  <a href="#a283">#</a>
* <a name="a284"></a>August 11 <a href="#a284">#</a>
   * <a name="a285"></a>A delay <a href="#a285">#</a>
      * <a name="a286"></a>I had hoped the next big feature would be ready to go by tonight's email, but the project hit a surprising snag, and it'll have to wait until at least tomorrow. Still diggin as they say. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a286">#</a>
* <a name="a287"></a>August 10 <a href="#a287">#</a>
   * <a name="a288"></a>No updates today <a href="#a288">#</a>
      * <a name="a289"></a>Working on a (hopefully) 3-day project, hope to have something to report tomorrow. <a href="#a289">#</a>
* <a name="a290"></a>August 9 <a href="#a290">#</a>
   * <a name="a291"></a>New optional param on http.readUrl <a href="#a291">#</a>
      * <a name="a292"></a>You can now make an HTTP request without going through the proxy server.  <a href="#a292">#</a>
      * <a name="a293"></a>This makes it possible to access local resources, so you could for example make this request: <a href="#a293">#</a>
         * <a name="a294"></a>http.readUrl ("http://localhost:1410/now", false) <a href="#a294">#</a>
      * <a name="a295"></a>The second parameter, if true, the request goes through the proxy server, if false, it doesn't. <a href="#a295">#</a>
      * <a name="a296"></a>The <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/?verb=http.readUrl">DocServer page</a> was updated to reflect this change. <a href="#a296">#</a>
      * <a name="a297"></a>We still need a way to set the timeout, headers, and to receive returned headers.  <a href="#a297">#</a>
   * <a name="a298"></a>New DocServer feature <a href="#a298">#</a>
      * <a name="a299"></a>When you choose a command from the menu, it should open the page with the url param set. <a href="#a299">#</a>
      * <a name="a300"></a>Makes it easier to share the link to a page.  <a href="#a300">#</a>
   * <a name="a301"></a>Updated docs for dialog.about <a href="#a301">#</a>
      * <a name="a302"></a>The <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/?verb=dialog.about">DocServer page</a> was incorrect re the first parameter, it's the text of an OPML file, not its URL.  <a href="#a302">#</a>
   * <a name="a303"></a>Adding icons to the iconbar <a href="#a303">#</a>
      * <a name="a304"></a>The iconbar scripts are now <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/scripting.opml#1628514152000">documented</a>.  <a href="#a304">#</a>
      * <a name="a305"></a>There's one more major component of Drummer scripting to explain, the richest of all, root.opml. <a href="#a305">#</a>
   * <a name="a306"></a>Simple Cross-Network Scripting for JavaScript? <a href="#a306">#</a>
      * <a name="a307"></a><a href="https://github.com/scripting/Scripting-News/issues/219">Back in 1998</a>, we were getting ready to simplify scripting of apps that ran on other nodes on the net. <a href="#a307">#</a>
      * <a name="a308"></a>We did do that with Frontier, it was really nice, now the question is can we do it with JavaScript in Drummer.  <a href="#a308">#</a>
      * <a name="a309"></a>Will it require pre-processor additions (this is an option since we are already pre-processing scripts). <a href="#a309">#</a>
      * <a name="a310"></a>Or is there some way to set it up so unmodified JS does this? <a href="#a310">#</a>
      * <a name="a311"></a>I outline the question <a href="https://github.com/scripting/Scripting-News/issues/219">here</a> -- and welcome comments, not just from Drummer testers (this note <a href="http://scripting.com/2021/08/09.html#a144644">appears</a> on my blog too). <a href="#a311">#</a>
   * <a name="a312"></a>Drummer feels solid for real work <a href="#a312">#</a>
      * <a name="a313"></a>When we started the test group, I was seeing problems that I thought might result in lost data, but having fixed a number of bugs in instant outlines, now it feels solid. At this point I feel pretty confident that Drummer will not lose your work. So go ahead and party. ÝÄÎÙ <a href="#a313">#</a>
   * <a name="a314"></a>How to back up your work <a href="#a314">#</a>
      * <a name="a315"></a>In the Tools menu, choose Download My Files. <a href="#a315">#</a>
      * <a name="a316"></a>It creates a .zip archive in your Downloads folder containing current versions of all your files.  <a href="#a316">#</a>
      * <a name="a317"></a>I'm thinking about adding an option to download all your files every time you launch Drummer. On a Mac, this will result in a series of numbered files in your downloads folder. OPML files compress pretty nicely. <a href="#a317">#</a>
   * <a name="a318"></a>The nightly email <a href="#a318">#</a>
      * <a name="a319"></a>Last night's email went out smoothly. I hope this is the harbinger of things to come. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a319">#</a>
* <a name="a320"></a>August 8 <a href="#a320">#</a>
   * <a name="a321"></a>Last night's mail glitch <a href="#a321">#</a>
      * <a name="a322"></a>Of course there was a huge glitch on the first email. It sent as many as five copies of the email to each tester. The cause is still unknown. The code still needed factoring to be deployed, I was doing it "by hand" yesterday. So today, I cleared out the database, populated it with five email addresses that go to my mailbox, and factored the code. Then ran it, and the problem didn't reproduce. Sigh. <a href="#a322">#</a>
      * <a name="a323"></a>I've seen this kind of thing happen before with JavaScript apps. Usually it's the result of using a var where you should've used a let for a local value. But scouring the code, I didn't see any likely candidates. Whatever. Here we go. I must apologize, again, in advance for the mess I am making of your inbox. We'll get this working. As they say Still diggin! :-) <a href="#a323">#</a>
   * <a name="a324"></a>Scheduled scripts <a href="#a324">#</a>
      * <a name="a325"></a>Scheduled scripts run at startup, every second, minute, hour, overnight. <a href="#a325">#</a>
      * <a name="a326"></a>The docs are <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/scripting.opml#1628460028000">here</a>.  <a href="#a326">#</a>
   * <a name="a327"></a>Dark mode in Drummer <a href="#a327">#</a>
      * <a name="a328"></a>A new verb, <a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/?verb=drummer.useStylesheet">drummer.useStylesheet</a>, takes a URL as a param, and applies it to Drummer as CSS.  <a href="#a328">#</a>
      * <a name="a329"></a>Also a command in the Tools menu, applies the dark mode CSS I wrote a while back. To revert to the "factory" styles, reload the page.  <a href="#a329">#</a>
      * <a name="a330"></a>This will work well with the startup script capability that I'll document next.  <a href="#a330">#</a>
      * <a name="a331"></a><a href="http://scripting.com/images/2021/08/08/darkmodeScreenShot.png">Screen shot</a>. <a href="#a331">#</a>
   * <a name="a332"></a>Scripting docs linked into Docs menu <a href="#a332">#</a>
      * <a name="a333"></a>They should have been linked in there from the beginning. <a href="#a333">#</a>
* <a name="a334"></a>August 7 <a href="#a334">#</a>
   * <a name="a335"></a>Nightly email updates <a href="#a335">#</a>
      * <a name="a336"></a>I've spent the last few days getting a mail updates server ready for Drummer testers. <a href="#a336">#</a>
      * <a name="a337"></a>This email was sent by that server. <a href="#a337">#</a>
      * <a name="a338"></a>Since this is test software, I apologize in advance for any spurious emails. Software has bugs. Email software bugs often result in weird emails being sent. Oy!  <a href="#a338">#</a>
      * <a name="a339"></a>There will be a way to opt out of the emails, but it's not implemented yet. <a href="#a339">#</a>
      * <a name="a340"></a>Same rules apply as before: at most one email a day.  <a href="#a340">#</a>
      * <a name="a341"></a>The topic is the same: new features and fixes for Drummer, news of interest to Drummer users, ideas, questions, hopefully answers. <a href="#a341">#</a>
      * <a name="a342"></a>This email change notes service is part of the test. Once Drummer is shipping this will become the updates server for Drummer users. Keep everyone in the loop on what users and developers are doing with Drummer. <a href="#a342">#</a>
      * <a name="a343"></a>The same content can be accessed via the Docs menu in Drummer, by choosing the <i>Drummer change notes</i> command. The OPML file for Drummer change notes is <a href="http://drummer.scripting.com/davewiner/drummer/changeNotes.opml">here</a>.  <a href="#a343">#</a>
      * <a name="a344"></a>This first email has a relatively large number of items because it represents several days worth of updates. Once this process is smoothed out, the notes will settle down.  <a href="#a344">#</a>
      * <a name="a345"></a>Now on to today's news... <a href="#a345">#</a>
   * <a name="a346"></a>The Arrow Pad becomes more visible <a href="#a346">#</a>
      * <a name="a347"></a>The <a href="http://scripting.com/images/2021/08/07/arrowPadIcon.png">fourth icon</a> in the bar opens the arrow pad. Initially it was just going to be on the tablet version, but I thought it might prove useful on the desktop too, and people weren't finding it in the Reorg menu, so give it some more prominent real estate.  <a href="#a347">#</a>
      * <a name="a348"></a>There are no docs yet for the Arrow Pad. It needs them and will have them. ÝÄù¥ <a href="#a348">#</a>
   * <a name="a349"></a>Drummer for the iPad <a href="#a349">#</a>
      * <a name="a350"></a>I was able to, via CSS, put together a Drummer that works on a tablet. <a href="#a350">#</a>
      * <a name="a351"></a>Some of the changes --  <a href="#a351">#</a>
         * <a name="a352"></a>The text in the menu bar is smaller and tighter.  <a href="#a352">#</a>
         * <a name="a353"></a>Arrowpad gets an icon, just after suitcase. <a href="#a353">#</a>
         * <a name="a354"></a>Don't display version number in upper right corner.  <a href="#a354">#</a>
      * <a name="a355"></a>I've found it's near impossible to get Safari on my iPad to reload the styles so it still looks pretty crummy. Not sure what the solution is to this, so if you've tried Drummer on an iPad it might not work too well yet.  <a href="#a355">#</a>
   * <a name="a356"></a>New example script -- simple public web page <a href="#a356">#</a>
      * <a name="a357"></a>In the Net menu, a script that writes a simple Hello World web page and shows it to you in the web browser. <a href="#a357">#</a>
      * <a name="a358"></a>Here's the source code.  <a href="#a358">#</a>
         * <a name="a359"></a>const htmltext = "&lt;html>&lt;body>&lt;h1>Hello World!&lt;/h1>&lt;/body>&lt;/html>"; <a href="#a359">#</a>
         * <a name="a360"></a>file.writeWholeFile ("hello.html", htmltext); <a href="#a360">#</a>
         * <a name="a361"></a>const url = file.makeFilePublic ("hello.html"); <a href="#a361">#</a>
         * <a name="a362"></a>webBrowser.openUrl (url) <a href="#a362">#</a>
      * <a name="a363"></a>Here's the <a href="http://drummer.scripting.com/cluelessnewbie/hello.html">file</a> it created on my machine.  <a href="#a363">#</a>
   * <a name="a364"></a>Rebuilt Electric Drummer <a href="#a364">#</a>
      * <a name="a365"></a>Electric Drummer will eventually be released to testers. It's an Electron version of Drummer, runs on the Mac desktop. Files are in the local file system.  <a href="#a365">#</a>
      * <a name="a366"></a>I use it to edit the DocServer outlines, as well as my blog. It's a deeper tool than Drummer in the web because I can use tools local to my desktop to help manage the outlines I write here. <a href="#a366">#</a>
      * <a name="a367"></a>It had been almost a month since I did a build, so it didn't have the recent verbs, and fixes.  <a href="#a367">#</a>
      * <a name="a368"></a>Now it's current.  <a href="#a368">#</a>
      * <a name="a369"></a>There are bugs specific to E/D that have not been addressed, having to do with the File dialogs.  <a href="#a369">#</a>
   * <a name="a370"></a>Fixed bug in twitter.xxx verbs, perhaps others <a href="#a370">#</a>
      * <a name="a371"></a>Something broke in the calls to twitter.  <a href="#a371">#</a>
      * <a name="a372"></a>This is very low-level stuff. Previously we would pass an undefined parameter as a string "undefined" -- this was kind of a mistake, but Twitter, through its API didn't call us on it. They just started, so that broke a bunch of the twitter verbs.  <a href="#a372">#</a>
      * <a name="a373"></a>I traced the problem to the parameter encoding code, so I rewrote it for all of Drummer's server calls, so when a param is undefined, we just don't copy it. That appeared to fix the problem in the Twitter calls, but it could conceivably break things in other calls. At this point in the life of Drummer, I'd like to fix these things, and take a chance on breakage.  <a href="#a373">#</a>
   * <a name="a374"></a>More example scripts <a href="#a374">#</a>
      * <a name="a375"></a>A bunch more examples in the DW menu.  <a href="#a375">#</a>
         * <a name="a376"></a>To access this menu in Drummer, be sure the setting is enabled, by choosing Settings from the System menu at the right side of the menu bar.  <a href="#a376">#</a>
      * <a name="a377"></a>Outliner examples <a href="#a377">#</a>
         * <a name="a378"></a>Import file over the web <a href="#a378">#</a>
            * <a name="a379"></a>Reads a list of places I've lived and inserts it after the bar cursor headline. <a href="#a379">#</a>
         * <a name="a380"></a>op.getCursor test <a href="#a380">#</a>
            * <a name="a381"></a>Saves the cursor location, jumps to the summit, displays the text of its headline, then restores the cursor to where it was. <a href="#a381">#</a>
         * <a name="a382"></a>Summit collapse <a href="#a382">#</a>
            * <a name="a383"></a>Collapses all the top level headlines in the current outline. <a href="#a383">#</a>
      * <a name="a384"></a>Twitter examples <a href="#a384">#</a>
         * <a name="a385"></a>Get Dave's tweets <a href="#a385">#</a>
            * <a name="a386"></a>Get my most recent tweets and list them in a sub outline after the bar cursor headline. <a href="#a386">#</a>
         * <a name="a387"></a>Get early users <a href="#a387">#</a>
            * <a name="a388"></a>Loop over users with Twitter id's between 12 and 25 and list them. <a href="#a388">#</a>
      * <a name="a389"></a>Lots of other stuff, not enough time to write them all up.  <a href="#a389">#</a>
   * <a name="a390"></a>Example of a processor script <a href="#a390">#</a>
      * <a name="a391"></a>As you're saving an outline, the script is called, it looks for bits of documentation, publishes it in a different context.  <a href="#a391">#</a>
      * <a name="a392"></a>Example, embed the docserver docs for a verb in the source code for the verb. Give the  headline a docs attribute whos value is true. Pull it and its subs out and send to the docserver app in some fashion.  <a href="#a392">#</a>
      * <a name="a393"></a>In a world of renderers and processors, this application is clearly a processor. <a href="#a393">#</a>
   * <a name="a394"></a>New verb, string.extensionToMimeType. <a href="#a394">#</a>
      * <a name="a395"></a>takes one param, a path to a file <a href="#a395">#</a>
      * <a name="a396"></a>based on its extension, return a MIME type <a href="#a396">#</a>
      * <a name="a397"></a>for example, "hello.html" would return "text/html" <a href="#a397">#</a>
      * <a name="a398"></a>"config.json" would return "application/json" <a href="#a398">#</a>
      * <a name="a399"></a>if it doesn't have an extension or we don't recognice it, return undefined. <a href="#a399">#</a>
      * <a name="a400"></a><a href="http://docserver.scripting.com/?verb=string.extensionToMimeType">DocServer page</a>. <a href="#a400">#</a>
   * <a name="a401"></a>Fixed bug in daveappserver <a href="#a401">#</a>
      * <a name="a402"></a>I added the ability to serve users' public files very quickly a few months ago, and it always returned text/plain as the content type.  <a href="#a402">#</a>
      * <a name="a403"></a>One of my example scripts created an HTML file.  <a href="#a403">#</a>
      * <a name="a404"></a>So I did the usual thing web servers do, inferred the content type from the file extension <a href="#a404">#</a>
      * <a name="a405"></a>Also added an optional parameter, defaultType, to utils.httpExt2MIME. Allows it to be configurable. It also defaulted to text/plain. Another source of plainness. This should be up to the app, not the very low level utility code.  <a href="#a405">#</a>
      * <a name="a406"></a>It's an NPM package called <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/daveappserver">daveappserver</a>.  <a href="#a406">#</a>
* <a name="a407"></a>August 2 <a href="#a407">#</a>
   * <a name="a408"></a>New verbs <a href="#a408">#</a>
      * <a name="a409"></a>drummer.version <a href="#a409">#</a>
      * <a name="a410"></a>drummer.productname <a href="#a410">#</a>
      * <a name="a411"></a>drummer.productnameForDisplay <a href="#a411">#</a>
   * <a name="a412"></a>Fix: Don't try to save an outline if it's read-only. <a href="#a412">#</a>
      * <a name="a413"></a>I know this seems pretty obvious, but this is not intelligent code, it does what it's told to do. <a href="#a413">#</a>
      * <a name="a414"></a>This bug would create a file named "undefined" as a private file in your space.  <a href="#a414">#</a>
      * <a name="a415"></a>It was just taking up space on the server, otherwise harmless.  <a href="#a415">#</a>
   * <a name="a416"></a>Fix: When you close a tab, we also close the socket connection, if there is one <a href="#a416">#</a>
      * <a name="a417"></a>Until today we weren't doing that, so we'd get extraneous notices of changes to outlines we're no longer managing. <a href="#a417">#</a>
      * <a name="a418"></a>This was harmless, in theory, because when the update came Drummer checks to be sure the outline is the one it thinks it is, but it's nice to tie off this loose end. <a href="#a418">#</a>
   * <a name="a419"></a>Fix: When you switch tabs, the crumb trail now updates to reflect the path to the cursor in the new current outline. <a href="#a419">#</a>
      * <a name="a420"></a>It should be fairly instantaneous.  <a href="#a420">#</a>
   * <a name="a421"></a>Drummer Docs menu <a href="#a421">#</a>
      * <a name="a422"></a>The Instant Outlines command points to the new docs. <a href="#a422">#</a>
      * <a name="a423"></a>And the Instant Outlines docs now have a section on creating an instant outline.   <a href="#a423">#</a>
      * <a name="a424"></a>Somehow overlooked that important matter in the docs I wrote yesterday. <a href="#a424">#</a>
   * <a name="a425"></a>scriptingnews.com and scripting-news.com now redirect to scripting.com. <a href="#a425">#</a>
      * <a name="a426"></a>These domains broke when I decommissioned a server, a very long time ago! Oy. <a href="#a426">#</a>
* <a name="a427"></a>August 1 <a href="#a427">#</a>
   * <a name="a428"></a>Tags on scripting.com are now in reverse chronologic order <a href="#a428">#</a>
      * <a name="a429"></a>http://scripting.com/?tag=tools%20for%20thought <a href="#a429">#</a>
   * <a name="a430"></a>If you see this, please send me an email. <a href="#a430">#</a>
      * <a name="a431"></a>dave@scripting.com <a href="#a431">#</a>
   * <a name="a432"></a>Wrote the I/O docs for Drummer <a href="#a432">#</a>
      * <a name="a433"></a>http://docserver.scripting.com/drummer/instantOutlines.opml <a href="#a433">#</a>
   * <a name="a434"></a>Instant outlining cleanup continues <a href="#a434">#</a>
      * <a name="a435"></a>Subscribing should work better.  <a href="#a435">#</a>
      * <a name="a436"></a>The Subscribe command changed to Open URL.. <a href="#a436">#</a>
         * <a name="a437"></a>Because you can open files that don't automatically update, that aren't managed by a server with a websocket connection. <a href="#a437">#</a>
         * <a name="a438"></a>Previously there was no way to do this. <a href="#a438">#</a>
      * <a name="a439"></a>New icons <a href="#a439">#</a>
         * <a name="a440"></a>If an outline is connected to a websocket, it still has the lightning bolt icon.  <a href="#a440">#</a>
         * <a name="a441"></a>If it is not, if it requires you to close and re-open the file to see a change, it has a world as its icon. <a href="#a441">#</a>
